May 1, 2025

ZeroNorth
ZeroNorth
Copenhagen, Denmark

Dear ZeroNorth,

My name is Ryan Williams, an American who made a decision seven and a half years ago to embark on a journey to Denmark. A lot has changed in my seven and a half years here; I have been lucky enough to become a father of two wonderful children and create a life here with my Danish wife. I have learned Danish and changed career path. Before coming to Denmark, I had the idea of becoming an academic in philosophy and sociology at NYU. However, after a year abroad in Denmark, I had meet my future wife and decided that Denmark would be the place I call home. Unfortunately, the US education system and Danish education systems did not entirely match, meaning to stay here, I needed to start my education over.

Starting anew at CBS, after the first year of education, I became a father. When my son was born, my wife and I decided to prioritize time with him, as opposed to looking for job opportunities or internships. Being a father led to quite a different experience of education than I had before. Now, time was a precious commodity and sleep was difficult to come by. But, despite the lack of sleep, my skills to focus deeply on topics and my ability to finish things quickly grew. My son also taught me a great deal about being accountable, I needed to prioritize good sleep and healthy habits because he and his mother depended on me.

During my time at CBS, I was also introduced to Python, and found my new passion in programming. Luckily for me, when I finished my Bachelor's Degree, ITU had a Masters program specifically for students looking to switch into being educated in information technology.

Since then, I have not stopped learning how to code. At the moment, besides side projects, I have used a learning platform called \href{boot.dev}{boot.dev}, a backend development and dev ops learning platform. It was with \href{boot.dev}{boot.dev} that I was introduced to Golang and am in the process of learning Kubernetes, Docker and cloud technologies. In my own time, I have been studying AWS, and am currently completing a guided project with CDN using AWS S3 and rewriting my Go projects to C\# and using Vue.js Typscript for Client-side applications. I will also be training for a CKAD certification soon this year after being inspired to learn about K8's attending KCD Denmark.

Lastly, my CV is largely academic, and job experience is lacking, but my passion is not. I am diving head first into cloud technologies, and love Backend Web Development. That stated, I hope you have learned a bit more about me as a candidate. Thank you for your time.

